add clustering user obejcts (#1201)
neams-th-coe/cardinal: doc/content/source/userobjects/ValueRangeHeuristicUserObject.md

# ValueRangeHeuristicUserObject

## Description

`ValueRangeHeuristicUserObject` implements the clustering heuristic if the scores of two adjacent
elements are both within a range. The range is calculated as

> $$S_{\text{lower}} = (1 - \text{tolerance_percentage}) \times \text{value} $$

Reviewer: Same comment here about putting these in latex-style equations, to fit the style elsewhere

# ValueRangeHeuristicUserObject

## Description

`ValueRangeHeuristicUserObject` inherits from the `ClusteringHeuristicUserObjectBase`.
It implements the clustering heuristic if the scores of two adjacent

> elements are both with in a range. The range is calculated as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
elements are both within a range. The range is calculated as
```

\being{equation}
S_{\text{lower}} = (1 - \text{tolerance_percentage}) \times \text{value} 
\end{equation}

\begin{equation}
S_{\text{upper}} = (1 + \text{tolerance_percentage}) \times \text{value}
\end{equation}

where `value` and `tolerance_percentage`  are user-provided inputs.

## Example Input File

The following input block declares a `ValueRangeHeuristicUserObject` which
is then used by [BooleanComboClusteringUserObject](BooleanComboClusteringUserObject.md)

> where the mesh walking and cluster process is implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the mesh walking and clustering process is implemented.
```
